Hello and welcome! This simulation of Blackjack operates through the command line, and allows for unlimited player
count.

Ahead of time, ensure that your system has at least Python 3.9 installed. If you need assistance, please reference the
python website: https://www.python.org/downloads/
This project does not require any external files or modules.

In order to run, please download this zip and un-zip in your location of choice. Next, navigate to the folder location
in your command-line and run the command: "python Table.py X", where X is the number of players you want!

Once you're in game, the hands will be dealt out. This game assumes a 6 deck shuffle
They are displayed in the command line as text, and the possible values of those hands will also be displayed.
The Dealer will only show 1 of their cards until it is their turn.

Next to the card list you will see a pair of numbers.
These represent the 2 "playable" values your hand can take, accounting for possible aces. The left assumes Ace = 1, and
the right assumes Ace = 11. In the case that an Ace would push you over 21, it is no longer counted as 11.

Multiplayer operates on a 'hotseat' assumption. When it is a players turn, you will see a prompt, asking if you want to
stand or hit. Type either 'stand' or 'hit' into the terminal to take an action. These prompts are case-insensitive.
You can also type 'quit' or 'q' to exit the game, and return to your command line.

Once you draw a card, that card will be listed, and you'll need to press enter to continue.

The game will track if you have 'busted' (gone over 21). In this case, your turn will end, and the next player is up.
Once all players have either stood or busted, the dealer will automatically process their turn.

Once all turns are processed, you will see a wrap-up of the round, with each players end state (their score or bust).
The Winner of the round will be highlighted.

Follow the next prompt to begin the next round.

Once you have played enough rounds, the deck will need to be re-shuffled. At this point, you will get the option to
quit, or play more.

NOTES:
1. This system makes use of errors to quickly quit the game, do not fear if quitting causes an error to appear.